Clarify semantic conventions around span start and end time (#592)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

| `get_account/{accountId}` | Also good (using the "HTTP route") |

The `Span`'s start and end timestamps reflect the elapsed real time of the
operation.

> For example, an http server span should start right when the request has begun being handled by the server, and end when the response has been completely sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, an HTTP server span SHOULD start right when the server starts handling the request, and end when the response has been completely sent.
```

This would include the following, if they are present in that particular
request-response cycle:

- receiving the HTTP request
- parsing of the HTTP request
- parsing of the body of the HTTP request

> - any web server middleware that is applied

Reviewer: One might consider tracking these in separate child spans (at least the middleware part). Would this be worth mentioning? The SHOULD wording above would allow this anyway, however.

Author: yeah that's a good point, I was debating whether to explain that choice in the API docs (cost of verbosity and the gain of clarity). I'll add that explanation in there too, and we can always remove it after.

| `get_account/{accountId}` | Also good (using the "HTTP route") |

The `Span`'s start and end timestamps reflect the elapsed real time of the
operation.

> For example, If a span represents a request-response cycle (e.g. HTTP or an RPC),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a span represents a request-response cycle (e.g. HTTP or an RPC),
```

the span should have a start time that corresponds to the start time of the

> first sub operations, and an end time of when the final sub operation is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
first sub-operation, and an end time of when the final sub-operation is complete.
```

This includes:

- receiving the data from the request
- parsing of the data (e.g. from a binary or json format)
- any middleware or additional processing logic
- business logic
- construction of the response
- sending of the response

> Child spans may be created to represent any sub-operations, to provide more

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Child spans or events may be created to represent any sub-operations, to provide more
```

> granular observability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
detailed observability by measuring timing separately and adding additional attributes.
```
or _(more) fine-grained_ if you want to stick with granularity ;-)

Author: @arminru expanded a little bit, let me know what you think!

Reviewer: LGTM! :shipit:

Reviewer: LGTM! :shipit:

Reviewer: LGTM! :shipit:
